support http api for upstream trace. (#4399)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/protocols/HTTP-API-Protocol.md

# HTTP API Protocol

> HTTP API Protocol define the API data format, including api request and response data format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP API Protocol defines the API data format, including api request and response data format.
```

### Do register

> For more information about data format can be found in [Register service](https://github.com/apache/skywalking-data-collect-protocol/tree/master/register/Register.proto).

Reviewer: Seems to be a grammar error

For more information about the data format, please refer to .....

OR

Detail information about data format can be found in ......

And register steps followings [SkyWalking Trace Data Protocol v2](Trace-Data-Protocol-v2.md).

- Service Register

> POST http://localhost:12800/v2/service/register

Input:

```json
{
  "services": [
    {
      "type": "normal",
      "serviceName": "Service Name"
    }
  ]
}
```

Output JSON Array:

```json
[
    {
        "key": "Service Name",
        "value": 2
    }
]
```

- Service instance Register

> POST http://localhost:12800/v2/instance/register

Input:

```json
{
  "instances": [
    {
      "time": 1582428603392,
      "instanceUUID": "NAME:Service Instance Name",
      "properties": [
        {
          "key": "language",
          "value": "Lua"
        }
      ],
      "serviceId": 2
    }
  ]
}
```

OutPut:

```json
{
    "key": "NAME:Service Instance Name",
    "value": 2

> }

Reviewer 2: It should be an array, right？

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/apache/skywalking-nginx-lua/blob/e284313e9186ad84d9c68c0042aa55139469fa4b/lib/skywalking/client.lua#L146-L153

This is the code that `skywalking-nginx-lua` handles the response.

```

- Service instance heartbeat

> POST http://localhost:12800/v2/instance/heartbeat

Input:

```json
{
  "serviceInstanceId":20,
  "time": 1582428603392,
  "serviceInstanceUUID":"NAME:Service Instance Name"
}
```

OutPut:

```json
{}
```

> If your instance does not exists, and then, you need to clean your local service instance metadata in your application and re-do register:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your instance does not exist, you need to clean your local service instance metadata in your application and re-register:
```
